(ominous music)
(metal clinking)
(weapons firing)
STRENGTH: You're just a bunch
of scrap iron!
(suspenseful music)
-(weapons firing)
-(grunts)
STRENGTH: Where's Empress,
and what is she doing?
Damn it!
(screeches)
(grunts)
(weapon firing)
Tell me, where are you?
(blasting)
What are you doing?
(groans)
Answer me!
(suspenseful music)
DEAD MASTER AND STRENGTH:
Black Rock Shooter.
(weapons firing, blasting)
Why don't you give up already?
Everything was in vain.
LUNATIC: Everything.
Trying to live, all the fighting...
it's all just worthless.
(gloomy music)
(stomping)
SUBORDINATE: It's replenishing
the Iron Ocean with humans.
Yes. There's one Gigantes
and numerous guards.
-SUBORDINATE: Should we help?
-Are you crazy?
Let's go.
They shouldn't cause any problems.
(sighs)
(engines revving)
(action music)
(action music continues)
(clanks)
(thrilling music)
(thrilling music continues)
(tranquil music)
Uh... Uh?
(gasping softly)
(gasps)
(muffled grunting)
(door whirs)
(liquid sloshes)
(coughing)
(groaning)
(grunts)
(panting)
Huh?
Where am I?
(groaning)
(in English)
Lighthouse Number Eight.
(in Japanese)
No, I can't remember.
But I feel like I have to get there. Why?
(groans)
(warbles)
(gasps)
-(hissing)
-Huh?
(soft music)
-(water dripping)
-Uh?
Norito, I'm thirsty.
The Arche level
is way over the threshold here.
Wait until we get back to town
where I can test the water quality.
(grunts)
Okay.
It's glowing.
NORITO: I've never seen this before.
(whimpers)
Hey!
(breathes sharply)
(gasps)
EMPRESS: There's somebody
out there, right?
-Huh?
-Mm.
Please help. Something's stuck,
and the door won't open.
Somebody is trapped in there.
Let's go. It feels dangerous.
But...
(thuds)
(warbles)
Titans! Those same guys
might be here again.
Damn it.
(weapon firing)
(groans)
Norito!
Run... Miya.
No.
(exhales deeply)
EMPRESS: Open this door.
What?
EMPRESS: I can probably fight.
MIYA: Step back.
(blasts)
(whirring)
LUNATIC: Well, well,
it's been a long time.
(gun clicks)
(grunting)
NORITO: This girl... She's not human?
(gasps)
Watch out, behind you!
(squelches)
(warbles)
(Miya gasps)
(gasps)
Hey.
Who am I?
NORITO: Well, that's what I want to know.
(soft music)
Wait, you're okay without a mask?
A mask?
You're not human, are you?
What is that?
Don't you know?
They're Artemis' human hunting drones.
They feed us to the Iron Ocean
as nourishment for the machines.
Artemis...
-(static)
-(groans)
Hey.
I kind of remember,
but I'm still confused.
Show me your gun.
It's out of ammo, right?
If these are compatible, I'll reload it.
I've never seen this type of gun.
-(gun fires, blasts)
-(groans)
NORITO: This gun wasn't out of ammo.
EMPRESS: I forgot how to use it.
But thanks. Now I just remembered.
You don't remember anything
about yourself, either?
Yes, and it's causing me trouble.
I'm Miya. He's my big brother.
Your big brother...
My name is Norito. Were you living here?
No.
My home is Light House Number Eight.
I have to go there.
(loud clanging)
-(gasps)
-We've been detected.
Take me to the surface.
If we fight them here, we'll be cornered.
NORITO: Okay.
(action music)
(all panting)
(weapons firing)
(zapping)
-(grunts)
-Oh, no!
(clanking)
Hey, can you take my sister
and help her escape?
Norito.
With your ability,
perhaps you can safely escape with her.
-No.
-What?
Either we all die, or we all survive.
I just feel it has to be that way.
(weapons firing)
(action music)
(engine revving)
Whoa!
(rattling)
BLACK TRIKE:
Hemiteos Unit Type 01, confirmed.
-NORITO: It talks!
-MIYA: It talks!
BLACK TRIKE:
It's been a long time, Empress.
(engine roars)
(zooms)
(tense music)
SMILEY: Hey, hey, ho! Hey, hey, ho!
Done!
(gasps)
Ooh. Hmm?
Hello, Lunatic. I feel very good now.
I'm sure.
But I need you to put that thing away.
Oh, excuse me.
So here are your instructions
from the Core.
Right to the point, huh?
We've confirmed that the Hemiteos Unit
has been reactivated.
Your Education Institution's forces
should be used for pursuit.
On what scale?
At maximum capacity.
Understood.
(megaphone squeals)
Attention. You must all heed my wisdom.
Humans are born as mere animals.
SMILEY: Humans become humans
by education, environment, and mechanics.
Humans can entrust their humanity
to external devices.
Everything you wear is part of humanity.
Can humans without mechanics or education
be properly called humans?
I, Schoolmaster Smiley will guide you all
on the path to the perfect human form!
BELIEVERS: Schoolmaster Smiley!
(zooming)
(suspenseful music)
(Miya yelps)
(blasting)
(Black Trike cheers)
Look, in front!
BLACK TRIKE: Gravel Mode.
Frick!
Tarmac Mode.
What kind of bike is this?
Why are you so strong?
I don't know. What is this bike?
BLACK TRIKE: I'm Black Trike,
a highly advanced
Hemiteos Unit Assist Vehicle.
I'm honored to serve you, Empress.
NORITO: You're "Empress"?
That's a weird name.
I'm...
-(blasts)
-(gasps)
Another one. Who is it this time?
Peacebuilding Force. All the way out here?
-There's no doubt. That must be her.
-SUBORDINATE: She's already being pursued.
(grunts)
It just looks like she's a kid
protecting some other kids.
(explosion)
Goddammit.
(weapon firing)
He got them! Wow!
(engines revving)
You must be "Black Rock Shooter" Empress.
Who are you?
They call me Colonel.
Is that your name?
Of course not.
It isn't?
You're a survivor of the Hemiteos Unit,
guardians of the human race.
COLONEL: Empress.
The Peacebuilding Force's network
picked up your reboot pulse.
(gasps)
Why do you look confused?
NORITO: She lost her memory.
She is confused.
COLONEL: What the hell?
I don't know how confused you are,
but you should be able to see how bad
this world has become by this landscape.
Long ago, through the efforts
of several supranational corporations,
Project Elysion started, which was
for large-scale automation of labor.
And it failed?
Exactly.
The core system of Project Elysion,
an artificial intelligence called Artemis
chose war against the human race.
The reasons are too complicated
to explain now, so I'll skip it.
COLONEL: Artemis and its Unmanned Forces
are currently building an Orbital Elevator
to connect Earth with the moon.
When it's completed,
huge machines being mass-produced
on the moon will come here in full force.
So the completion
of the Orbital Elevator is the time limit.
I don't get it.
What does that have to do with me?
You're going to destroy that Elevator
while it's under construction, Empress.
That's what you were born to do.
Uh...
(machine roaring)
There!
COLONEL: This is not good.
It's pretty large, so let's move.
EMPRESS: Move?
That's not a small fry like before.
The weapons we have won't be enough.
COLONEL: Those kids will slow us down.
Leave them here.
(Norito and Miya gasp)
Where do you live?
Hey!
There's a mountain
a few kilometers from here.
The remaining survivors live there
in the hollowed-out fortified city.
I'll take you home.
I'm only trying to help, you know.
I don't want to abandon anybody.
Being abandoned cuts deep.
You...
(blasts)
(weapon firing)
(grunts)
Hurry, go after her.
(action music)
-Hey!
-(groans)
COLONEL: Goddammit.
Nothing's going right.
(zooming)
(dramatic music)
BLACK TRIKE: Holy...
Are you okay, Miya?
Norito.
(thrilling music)
Now, I remember
just a little bit how to do it.
(gasps)
You can manipulate Arche?
(whirs)
(clicking)
(electricity crackles)
(zapping)
(explosion)
Incredible.
(gasps)
(growls)
It's still moving.
BOTH: No!
(engine revving)
(gasps)
Hey, Empress.
(closing theme music)